# Incident: YYYY-MM-DD HH-mm-ss

## Summary

Between the hour of 11:45 and 12:00 on 04/04/26, All users encountered pizza pruchase failure. The event was triggered by a pizza factory failure at 12:45.

A failure in the factory caused all pizza purchase to fail. The event was detected by Grafana monitoring. The team started working on the event by debugging and diagnosing the problem, and depoloying a replica database in case of it being needed. This highly severe incident affected 100% of users.


## Detection


This incident was detected when Grafana pizza failure alert was triggered and lincoln from the JWT dev team was paged. Unfortunately, lincoln was playing volleyball and didn't see the alert delaying response by 1.5hrs.

loud alarms will be set up by lincoln so that alarms are noticed always.


## Impact
For 4hrs 45 minutes between 11:45 MT and 16:30 MT on 04/04/26, our users were unable to purchase pizza.

This incident affected 3 customers, all of our customers, who experienced inability to purchase pizza.

## Timeline

- _11:45_ - Pizza purchase failure detected by Grafana, reported to engineer
- _12:00_ - Engineer is playing some great volleyball and doesn't see the alert
- _13:30_ - Engineer sees alerts and gets to work diagnosing problems
- _14:00_ - Engineer deploys a replica database to prevent the failure from happening again
- _15:00_ - Engineer confirms the replica database is working and the failure is not from database
- _15:30_ - Engineer runs locally hosted site and confirms the failure is from factory

## Response
After receiving a page at 12:00, lincoln came online at 13:30 in grafana and started investigating the issue.
Alert was sent to Ta's at 16:30.

## Root cause
Pizza factory failure.

## Resolution

Alerting the factory team to fix the issue.
## Prevention
Alternative pizza factories

## Action items
Work with factory team to fix the issue.